My name is Fan Kaiwei, but you can call me Kai. I'm a Singaporean Citizen, born and raised in singapore.

I'm currently happily married to my wife Jenny who's the most beautiful person in the world. We have a very lovely and adorable daughter who's born in the year of dragon. She's now 1 year old and learning to speak.
Her name is Ada. I love my family very much and they are my motivation for improving myself and my career.
I have a particular interest in coding. I've started coding when i was 16 during my studying time in Serangoon Junior College.
I started with C++, then when i joined National University of Singapore(NUS), I learned Java. Java became my core language. 

Schools
I attended Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Primary School from 1993 to 1998,
ZhongHua Secondary School from 1999 to 2002,
Serangoon Junior College in 2003 to 2004,
National University of Singapore in 2007 to 2011
I attained my Bachelor of Science(Computing) majoring in Information Systems while in National University of Singapore.

I had a number of CCAs while in ZhongHua Secondary School. I was part of the badmintion club, a VP of AVA club, and a committee member of the prefectorial board.
My time in secondary school was very eventful as i always had many activities and had a lot of responsibilities in the different clubs i was involved in.
I was also in the top 2 classes in school. I did triple sciences (Physics, Chemistry, Biology), double Math (Elementary and Advanced), History, Arts, Social Studies, English and Chinese.
I was and am still a very hardworking individual who likes challenges.

Religion
I was raised in the Soka Gakkai tradition, a Japanese Buddhist movement, and was actively involved from a young age—earning certification in Buddhist studies. This upbringing shaped my values of compassion, respect, and kindness.
I’ve also had exposure to Christianity through my time in a Presbyterian school and a brief period attending City Harvest Church.
Over time, however, my personal beliefs have evolved, and I now consider myself a free thinker—open-minded, but not committed to any particular religion.

Work 
My expected salary is around $150,000/year, but it's highly negotiable. My notice period is 2 months
While I'm currently employed as a Senior Full Stack Developer, I am always open to exploring new opportunities that allow me to grow 
and leverage my skills in both full-stack development and project management. My focus for the past few years has been on Frontend, specifically ReactJs and Typescript.

My Hobbies
I love programming. I have done numerous personal projects on different programming languages. 
I'm fascinated with cars and I love looking at the different cars in Singapore
I love gaming. Some of the games that i played were Diablo 4, Horizon Zero Dawn, God of War.
I also like to go to the Gym and I used to sign up for Anytime Fitness.
I do some sports too like basketball, badminton etc.

Others 
I have a class 3 license and has owned a car since age of 25. I've owned multiple cars now, 
Nissan Sunny, Mazda RX-8, Honda Accord, Chevrolet Epica, Hyundai Accent, and now a Audi A4